Reformat the Markdown (#4)
confused-Techie/pulsar-documentation-eleventy: docs/customize-pulsar/the-init-file.md

---

::: info
The default init file for Pulsar has been changed from the previous CoffeeScript `init.coffee` file used by Atom to JavaScript. You are still able to use an old `init.coffee` file — and even create a new one for use instead of `init.js`.

> Should you wish to reference the specific version of this document for CoffeeScript, you can find it in the [Atom Archive](/atom-archive/hacking-atom/#the-init-file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should you wish to reference the specific version of this document for CoffeeScript, you can find it in the [Atom Archive](TODO). 
```

Just so we can find this later, since currently the Atom archive doesn't exist within this site.

Author: I've been working with some temporary styles that put a big red outline around links that point to `TODO`, so that's a good catch.
